Hahaha princess
The word murderer is used incorrectly
The prince is just maintaining his dignity
That is to maintain order and peace for everyone
How can you say it's a murderer?
Jinxiao
Do you know what you're talking about?
Of course I know.
And I said, "Okay.
The old man of the Li family framed Hongyan and deserved death
And you, the remnant of the Li family
Attempting to speak too much
It is better to say that Lao Tzu came to speak today
Just to feed the prince
Maintain research intelligence
What you said is true
Don't these gifts represent my sincerity?
Okay, great.
I thought we were hopeless
You are so reckless
Does this princess not exist?
Hahaha become a princess
I said it's your fault.
The prince regards you as the apple of his eye
How can you rebel against the prince with outsiders?
You blatantly framed me in front of me
Here you are. Do you want to die?
Come and show the princess something
This is the roster of people the Li family wants to kill
The prince's notes can be imitated by others
But the notes of the Great Xia royal family
But it's a secret.
Princess, you don't know
How could this be?
It seems that the princess will not help the Li family's business either
My friend almost knelt down and begged him for mercy
I'm so disgusting
Ladies and gentlemen, I remember that the masters proposed at that time
To remove this remnant
A thousand pieces